https://amazon.devcamp.com/pt-full-stack-development-javascript-python-react/guide/project-requirements-ux-course

make a site-map and low-fidelity-wire-frame for a portfolio website

==== [ D O N E ] ====

https://amazon.devcamp.com/pt-full-stack-development-javascript-python-react/guide/guide-whitespace

 As your homework for this guide I want you to go to the DailySmarty site and see the different types of ways that we implemented whitespace there. Then follow that up with going to places like Dribbble and Behance and see the way that other people have been building these types of user interfaces that utilize whitespace in all different kinds of ways.

utilizing margin space is one simple, effective way of utilizing white space.

https://amazon.devcamp.com/pt-full-stack-development-javascript-python-react/guide/how-to-create-effective-ui-style-guide

The homework for this guide is: go to some type of application--it could be a popular one like Facebook or Twitter--and create a style guide for that application. This would be very similar to the process you would do if you had just finished building the user interface and then went and checked to see what all those styles were. See what the heading font size is, what the colors are, the background colors, all of these different types of components, even getting down very granular into border-radius.

...

Begin the DailySmarty style-guide.  The body is styled with LatoLight sans-serif font.  The body is a listing of articles.  For each article div, the main link will be an anchor encombassed within an h2 set to (font-weight:700, color: #1a1a1a, font-size: 22px, line-height: 30px), utilizing class name "post-link-title".  This class will be set text-align: left.  

The super class for all of this is post-item-wrapper, who has margins set wide enough on the top and bottom, such to enable white-space between each article listing.  It is a flexbox display with post-link-title as the second element.  The first element is "image-item" (defined as a sub-class to post-item-wrapper) is again a flexbox display, has 35px of margin-right, justify-content: space-between, and special flag -webkit-box-pack: justify;

...and so on...de-compiling a website back to a style guide is weird, because a depth-first approach results in what's above, an essay that explains the CSS loadout...so what's above isn't really a style-guide at all.  

---------> Let's try again.

Begin the DailySmarty style-guide, our font is LatoLight sans-serif font.  The overall appearance of the application should feel bright, as we're helping our users learn.  The feed should reload automatically as the user sits idle on the page.  The articles should show up on an all-white list, utilizing white-space border margin to have an intermediate spacing between articles.  The all-white list should appear to be floating above a gray super-space, utilizing border shadow to acheive the hover effect.  The effect is scrolling to the bottom or scrolling to the top all the way has, is the user will be able to see the top / bottom border with the shadow, proving the hover illusion.  

...and so on...so that's a more top-down approach to it, the time it takes to write a style-guide could almost better be spent simply writing CSS, and accepting that SCSS (and CSS, barring repetitious code which was generated by SCSS or some other pre-processing method) is an acceptable language to not only convey a style-guide to the web browser, but to human readers as well.

A table might be a better way to express this information than sentence form.  However SCSS is probably still the best expression language, considering it's the goal anyway.

https://amazon.devcamp.com/pt-full-stack-development-javascript-python-react/guide/how-to-analyze-typography-software-systems

For your homework I want you to take either an application that you've built before this or just spin up a couple of just plain HTML pages, go to Google fonts or one of these online font tools and bring down different combinations so bring down a font combination for a heading and a paragraph. Experiment with different weights and create a few different pages like this and then see how much of a difference it really makes. Explore both Serif and Sans Serif fonts and see how they can complement each other. Just so you can get into that habit of exploring those seeing what weights can do when you add that to a page and how you can emphasize different parts.

Syne Mono is a chilly font.  Tried it at font-weights 1, 10, and 100, 500, and 1000.  Realized that there's really only two font weights available for this font, but I'm not sure where the switch-over point is.  
